CNN wants to change its viewers' habits.
Until now, CNN has featured its Hollywood gossip show during the key evening period.
Some in the industry are skeptical.
When you suggest otherwise, you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation.
Sunbelt foreclosed on the ranch.
The core rate is not really out of line.
Meanwhile, the retail sales report showed that car sales rose 0.8% in September to $32.82 billion.
The week's total was up 6.2% from 274,963 tons a year earlier.
A Flemish game show has as its host a Belgian pretending to be Italian.
For the most part, what's made here stays here, and for good reason.
Most British programming is more of an acquired taste.
The venture's importance for Thomson is great.
The system currently has a capacity of 1.55 million barrels a day.
On the other hand, the battle of the bus is expected to grow increasingly irrelevant.
But they will have to act quickly.
Still, even that modest increase is good news for a state that hasn't grown at all since 1981.
Mario Gabelli, for instance, holds cash positions well above 20% in several of his funds.
About 40% don't feel they're more able than others.
About 54% are women, and 44% are part-time students.
It would open a can of worms.
And the local expression for brother is "brah," not "bruddah."
Sorry, the show does not even have the one redeeming quality of genuine local color.
Opponents of the cut are playing hardball.
Your paper needs a serious reality check.
Columbia Savings officials weren't available for comment on the downgrade.
Now, as in those two years, her stock market indicators are positive.
As she calculates it, the average stock now sells for about 12.5 times companies' earnings.
There was tremendous public enthusiasm for stock mutual funds.
I guess that's my forecast.
Unlike 1987, interest rates have been falling this year.
Unlike 1987, the dollar has been strong.
Thus, he concludes, "This is not a good environment to be fully invested" in stocks.
This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable.
I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative.
Right now they're pursuing evidence.
No, Mr. Lantos's complaints simply won't wash.
It helped that his inventory is a third smaller now than it was two years ago, he said.
We were just starting to get the public's confidence back, lamented Mr. Mullins of Dean Witter.
The administration has been trying to push the dollar lower; the Fed has been resisting.
I'm going to hold on.
Some evinced an optimism that had been rewarded when they didn't feel the market in 1987.
Still, he adds: "We can't have this kind of thing happen very often."
Individual investors are still angry about program trading, Mr. Quackenbush says.
Would Mr. Antori ever get back in?
Typically, a margin call occurs when the price of a stock falls below 75% of its original value.
The company's U.S. performance was helped by "a record quarter for new customers," he said.
That will spur Tandem's growth.
This may sound strangely optimistic.
Of course, the health of the economy will be threatened if the market continues to dive this week.
A Dow spokeswoman declined to comment on the estimates.
The interest-only securities were priced at 35 1/2 to yield 10.72%.
Kaufman & Broad, a home building company, declined to identify the institutional investors.
The company outpaced much of the chemical industry as annual profit grew fivefold in two years.
Now we're at the bottom of the heap.
Japan, however, has agreed to cut its quota to about 5% from 5.9% previously.
The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters, such as Australia and Venezuela.
When shelf space was cheap, bigger was better, says Hugh Zurkuhlen, an analyst at Salomon Bros.
Competition is bound to get tougher if Kao introduces a product like Attack in the U.S.
It also has a product-testing facility in California.
At one of her news conferences, Mrs. Hills said, "I believe we can do much better than 20%."
We didn't even get a chance to do the programs we wanted to do.
The main reason remains weather.
For example, in the Oklahoma panhandle, 40% or more of the topsoil is short of moisture.
Brazil wants to stimulate demand for its product, which is going to be in plentiful supply.
Futures traders say the S&P was signaling that the Dow could fall as much as 200 points.
Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets.
During this time, small investors began ringing their brokers.
Samsung already owns Korea First Advertising Co., that country's largest agency.
The company asked for a 15-day extension Sept. 30, when the financial reports were due.
According to analysts, profits were also helped by successful cost-cutting measures at Newsweek.
Weatherford said market conditions led to the cancellation of the planned exchange.
Weatherford currently has approximately 11.1 million common shares outstanding.
In last year's third quarter, Lilly earned $171.4 million, or $1.20 a share.
The company was officially merged with Bristol-Myers Co. earlier this month.
Revenue is expected to be "up modestly" from the $26.5 million reported a year ago.
They came by their strangeness honestly.
I didn't bother calling anybody; I didn't even turn on TV.
It will continue to trade on the International Stock Exchange, London.
